when you're involved with someone who thinks that they're doing something.
Um, that's perfectly fine. And you want them to change, Um, there
step that you could take the first one. Especially as a supervisor.
You go up to them, explain exactly what they're doing. That's wrong.
Um, you know, tap on the shoulder, hopefully in a friendly way.
Um, t try to change your mind if you see it re occur. That's when you
have the direct counseling. Um, maybe it's another verbal counseling,
but you make sure that, you know, they're saying they're seeing
their seated in a chair and the third person is there, and, um, they
know exactly what you said. Um, they know what they need to change.
Another type of counseling is a written counseling. You know, you put
in the record, you say, Hey, you know what? Like now something's
gonna happen if you do this, then I have it written down that these
things are gonna change. Um, so yeah, just as the supervisor, make sure
that the steps are included on that, they know exactly what they
need to change